---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/4-session/2024-08-04/","tags":["Session_Note"]}
---



## Session 23

#### Roll Call

[[1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]]
[[1. PC's/Xadira\|Xadira]]
[[1. PC's/Pim\|Pim]]
[[1. PC's/Seraphina Shadowbloom\|Seraphina Shadowbloom]]

We discuss, Vaen.
 - Seraphina tells the others about how he took out Vaen.

We talk tam dynamics and who is goin to fir into what role.


We go back to the old hideout and decide to checkout the sewars as this is the way that Ells seems to have come from.

We go into the hideout.  Drag marks going out of the hideout and also another set going into the sewars.

[[1. PC's/Xadira\|Xadira]]talks to a rat.
- Saw a person being dragged and indicates a direction.
- The rat is gnawing on something
	- [[1. PC's/Xadira\|Xadira]] picks it up.
		- doesn't know what it is.
		- [[1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] looks at it.
			- Tail of a dragonborn - Blue.

[[1. PC's/Seraphina Shadowbloom\|Seraphina Shadowbloom]] tries to cross a plank to get to where the rat pointed, she falls into the sewar water.
- I HATE SEWERS.

A rat tries to bite Pim.

Seraphina gets bit by a rat - diseased.
- I HATTTTTTEEEE SEWWWWWEEEERRRRRRRSSSS

Come across a a cave in
- illusion
	- door 
- Corridor.
	- Trapped
	- Seraphina disarms.

Come to a a door with 5 braziers.
each has a riddle.
- Answer 1 is Tiamat.

- I speak without a mouth 
- I hear with no ears. 
- I have no body
- But I come alive with wind
  
  Echo.

- I can fly without wings
- I can cry without eyes.
- Wherever i go darkness flies
	- Clouds

- I have keys but no locks
- I have space but no room.  
- You can enter but you cannot go outside.
	- Keyboard.

  

- I am not alive but i grow.
- I don’t have lungs but I need air.
- I Don’t have a mouth but i can drown.
	- Fire

Go through door.

Corridor leading to small anti-chamber.

2 cultists over the body of a dragonborn, about to sacrifice.
- Seraphina sneaks into room.
- Uses telekinetic movement to move the body towards her.
- Combat.
	- We win.

Nothing of any real use on the cultists.

- Lerash.
	- Dragonborn.
	- Trying to sacrifice him to gain power from Tiamat.
	- They were looking for Lady Elina.
		- Couldn't find her so took him instead.
	- She was in golden quarter.
	- The Dragonborn was one of the ones that raided the city............

Master Arion.
- Just outside Rosefalls.
- He sent them to attacks city.
- The ritual was to weaken the barrier to where Tiamat lives.
- He was one of the city attackers.
- Ella was in overall charge.
- Going to conduct a ritual to bring back Tiamat at the next Lunar eclipse (approx 4 weeks).

Another hidden door - locked
- Seraphina unlocks it.
- Small room.
- Contains gold statues.
	- approx value 500gp each. (4)
- 3000sp (300gp)
- various gems. (1000GP)
- Tapestries. Several
- Signat ring.
- Journal (Keyless)
	- Details bandits plans.
		- Contracts etc.
		- Eliminate rival Bandits groups in area.
		- Increasing tax on trade routes.
		- Taken over fort to establish safe haven.
			- Outside of village called Firn.
		- Cult of tiamat is to summon Tiamat to material plan.
		- Mistress wants to become a dragon to cement power.
		- Ambushes set along key routes to capture equipment and people for ritual
		- Multiple hidden camps.

We discuss what we are going to do.  We notice that the captured one has escaped.  Leaving a note that says Dracor will rise again.

We leave the sewars.
All the others now fall into the water..
- Ahh they now smell.


We leave the sewars.  Go to bathhouse.
Get cleaned up.

Kax questions the staff to see if they know Lady Elrina.
- Silverthornes.
- Large house next to cathedral.
- Father assassinated.
	- Don't know who did it.

As we approach lady Elrina an eldritch blast hits the floor near us and she appears at a high window.
We talk her into letting us speak to her.
We get into house.
- We tell her what has happened.
- We show her the goods from hidden room.
	- Kax casts distort value on them.
- 150gp
	- A lot less then their values.
	- She takes us to a locked doorway.
	- in a room is a cloth over something glowing red.
	- Headstone.
		- Fist sized pulsating gem.
		- Draconic runes.
		- She touches it.
			- A dragon heart stone.
			- Create by a Dragon Knights mage.
				- They were not knights but their butlers.
			- A weapon of mass destruction.
			- the stone must choose to be wielded by the person.
		- Seraphina asks if we can borrow the stone.
		- She agrees.
		- Kax touches.
			- Takes dames - rejected.
		- [[1. PC's/Xadira\|Xadira]] touches it.
			- She is accepted.
		- This thing is powerful.

Ask about light bringers.
- Thought to be disbanded.
- More of a local force of Dragon Knights, dealing with local matters.
- 


