---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/kingdom-of-zemland/4-session/2024-03-10/"}
---


<%* 
let title = tp.file.title 
if (title.startsWith("Untitled")) {
  title = tp.file.creation_date("YYYY-MM-DD"); 
} await tp.file.rename(title);

-%>

## Session

#### Roll Call
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Cory (AKA Checkers)\|Cory (AKA Checkers)]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Seraphina Shadowbloom\|Seraphina Shadowbloom]] 
[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] 

Still unhappy about loosing the Wish potion.

Cory starts arse licking the drago.
- he questions the dragon, Reki, about the hooded eyes.
- Reki suggests speaking to the villagers.

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] tries to ID the potion found last time.
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/compendium/items/potion-of-healing\|potion-of-healing]] 

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] takes charge of the child.
Cory does a search of the cave.
- 50gp in party.

Go to [[tabaxi-mpmm]
- question about the Hodded ones.
	- he claims not to know anything
	- after further questioning he knows them.
	- The wizard is the one in town.

Return child to mother.
- collect 200gp.

Go to visit [[Kingdom of Zemland/compendium/classes/wizard\|wizard]] 
- Question him about Black Dragon.
- He knows about dragon.
- Reki was given to him.
- he does not know anything about the mutilation of the dragon
	- he goes to cast a [[Kingdom of Zemland/compendium/spells/spells\|spells]] 
	- we wail on him.
	- he drops and dies.
	- He's warded the Door.
		- Slow
		- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]] goes through door and triggers it.
	- Do a search of building.
		- scrolls.
		- Diary.
			- Written in Elvish.
			- Golden Dragon Amulet'
				- Lost but rumours found again.
				- in Black Forest.
				- Turns out that [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Nigel Del La Plumph\|Nigel Del La Plumph]] is looking for this amulet as it belongs to his Sensei.
		- Lugwart - underwater breathing potions.
		- Speak with dead scrolls 
			- Use it on Wizard.
			- He is after an amulet that seeks truth
			- The hooded ones are necromancers
			- Their main place is in Stillrest.

Golden sword now on [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] .
- She speculates that it may go for emotion's?

Buy a 50gp diamond for [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Cory (AKA Checkers)\|Cory (AKA Checkers)]] 

[[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Eirwen Sarkan\|Eirwen Sarkan]] sends a message to someone in the clan after her to try and resolve the issue she has 


Group decides to head to Dim Harbour via Whistlewood.

Start the journey.  
- nothing happens for first weeks.
	- Camping.
	- Teeth Marks in wood.
	- same marks as previously
- Another week nothing 
	- Seriphina  spots eyes in the woods.
		- wakes [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Workax Dreyman\|Workax Dreyman]] 
		- Kax goes into woods on his own.
		- Eyes vanish.

Gold Sword now appears on floor.
- [[Kingdom of Zemland/1. PC's/Vaen Silversong\|Vaen Silversong]]  cuts himself with it.
- blood absorbed into sword 

As we enter whistle woods.
- Goblins attack.
	- Horse bolts and damages cart.
	- [[Kingdom of Zemland/compendium/bestiary/humanoid/goblin\|goblin]]'s attack.
		- 






- Yay 3 weeks travel on the road